Add admin settings for the Calendar Trash bin (#7701)
nextcloud/documentation: admin_manual/groupware/calendar.rst

 php occ config:app:set dav webcalAllowLocalAccess --value yes

Trash bin
---------

> Nextcloud supports a calendar, events and tasks trash bin.

Reviewer: @ChristophWurst when will we change the trash bin name to Deleted Items? If at all?

Reviewer 2: Good comment. That would be align it to the Files app, there it is called "Deleted files".

Reviewer 3: We might do that but right now the UI says *trash bin*. So the documentation should be consistent. If we rename then docs should only change for 23+ or whatever versions will be affected

Reviewer 2: Oh, my thought was to change this in UI as well. It is a relative new feature and therefore it is easy to change I think.
Jm2c.

> The default delay before objects are purged from the trash bin is of 30 days. A backgroup job runs every 6 hours to cleanup expired objects.

Reviewer 2: backgroup -> background

Reviewer 2: "is of 30 days" -> "is 30 day"

Reviewer 2: cleanup -> clean up

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The default delay before objects are purged from the trash bin is 30 days. A background job runs every 6 hours to clean up expired objects.
```
